>> Steve Kinney: So we're gonna
set up some email authentication.
And I'm mostly doing that to show you
basically the differences, right?
You can imagine for email authentication,
you're not gonna get a free photo URL that
they use as their Google profile, right?
You're not gonna get a display name,
you're gonna get an email address, and
a UID, right?
And so this is a great place where if we
had these documents, we can, okay, if
they log in from Google, sure, start out
with that picture and that display name.
Otherwise, we'll eventually
build this user document
that the user can then go ahead and
upload their own photo.
And change their display name,
and stuff along those lines.
So we can kinda see both.
Yeah, this is more work than just using
one of the auth ones we get for free.
But I think it at least,
highlights the difference.
You might choose not to
do email authentication.
There's also like,
phone authentication, too, right?
Which is a different can of worms.
You might choose not to do this, but
I think showing you the differences,
I think, is useful important so
you can kind of make that choice.